TY 
*** for forwarding this the correct precinct - where applicable.


From: BO FREEMAN [mailto:bscpgroupholdingsllc@gmail.com] 
Sent: Monday, February 14, 2022 12:16 AM
To: HAGGLERS MCKENZIE MILTON; LEXUS DIAMONDS (BSCPGROUPHOLDINGSLLC@GMAIL.COM); WMCKENZIE@NYCOURTS.GOV
Cc: nyscef@nycourts.gov; THE NEW YORK TIMES (NYTNEWS@NYTIMES.COM); JONATHAN.RICK@GMAIL.COM
Subject: *** ATTN of MGMT at east 94TH - please advise if any of these people have decided to also follow me into this Hotel... TY. *** /s/ BARIS DINCER 2020.02.13 - SUNDAY.
Importance: High
Sensitivity: Private

I.	ZUCKERS



For the convenience of the courts, the following Defendants have been grouped into a NEXUS of ZUCKERS, who all share a common mailing address which is located in the County of New York.
To restate and as defined maintain a Principle Address located at 101 WEST 55TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY, 10019, USA. The members below have been documented emailing, videotaping, photographing, discussing, and harassing myself over mail, electronic mail, and are verified as obsessive purveyors of my personal life in the annexed EXHIBITS who and at all times while I resided at the STUDIO have entered a documentary of evidence in the public records to demonstrate the molestation of sanctity at all time while I resided in the STUDIO and without my consent at any point in time embarked on a collection of audio, video, and narratives which further demonstrate the intrusion of my private life while dressed and in the nude and formerly as their tenant resided at 111 Sullivan Street, New York, NY, 10012, APT #2BR, Block 503, Lot 8 (as referenced previously, the “STUDIO”) under definitions.
All Defendants named in the caption hereunder the ZUCKERS, as individuals and their purported entities — can all be addressed jointly and severally in the County of New York. 
These parties and entities and as defined previously, conform to a NEXUS who hold the rights to ownership to the Premises, my STUDIO which and as referenced in EX67 is conveniently notarized as entered in zip code 10019 – which is located in County of New York.
The named parties below, represent oversight and supervision to an indeterminate number of unconsented videos and photographs which have been hosted on the internet, distributed, tampered with and as exhibited in the EXHIBITS annexed herein are liable jointly and severally for all allegations as set forth hereunder and at all relevant times while I resided at the STUDIO incessantly throughout the term of their Lease which begin on or around the 1ST of January 2020 and terminated on December 31ST, 2020 which upon knowledge and belief was and is located in the County of New York.
Upon knowledge and belief after having evaluated all exhibits, affidavits and as referenced in EX67 to their deliberate avoidance to prosecution are jointly and severally, as owners of the deed and in their Premises are located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT for service.
Upon knowledge and belief after having evaluated all exhibits as furthered by the annexed EXHIBITS herein of the videos, photographs, and their daily reports which were and are in the possession of those parties named were and are circulated [1] by and between the named parties in the caption and while I was a resident of the STUDIO located in the County of New York demonstrate the violation and molestation of my privacy during all relevant times was located in the County of New York.
The full scope of artifacts, upon knowledge and belief have not been viewed, distributed and tampered however were at all relevant times without my consent as exhibited in the annexed exhibits which further verify to those allegations in this COMPLAINT and for reasonable cause demonstrate the molestation of my sanctity while I resided at the STUDIO apartment and under the auspice and supervision of the ZUCKERS, YUZERS and ELSERS as furthered hereunder are all located in the County of New York.
As furthered hereunder the work of their ACCESSORIES as elements hosted these videos [2] on the internet using a third party service provider and under the supervision of their counselors have demonstrated how those videos are made available as an indeterminate number of MOV files which were stored, distributed, and accessed on their personal electronic devices were circulated by and between all named parties hereunder and while I was a resident of the STUDIO apartment.
Without my consent or knowledge were viewed and circulated to an indeterminate number of people while I was a resident of the STUDIO apartment [3] which to my disdain upon reviewing the EXHIBITS of the ZUCKERS, YUZERS, and ELSERS were in fact hosted on the internet and available in the public domain.
The conduct and oversight of their operations in the concerted efforts of the named Defendants herein are exhibited in furtherance of the following 26 Defendants, who are jointly and severally liable after having violated my privacy and throughout the term of my occupation as a resident in their Premises, or building, and of approximately one year -  severed the terms of their own contract and in their “Lease” which began on or around 2020/12/31, whereby the ZUCKERS [4]later enjoined the YUZERS [5] and ELSERS [6] to their pleasure and in continuance was contrary to my requests to the courts decided to further onto the prior distribution as annexed herein the circulation of MOV files was conducted without my consent and is grounded further in the exhibits herein annexed demonstrate that all Defendants named are jointly and severally liable for the trespass of my life, which was committed and without my consent by the individuals named hereunder the ZUCKERS, YUZERS, ELSERS, and their ACCESSORIES[7].
The ZUCKERS named below form the ANNEXE of their individuals and entities which upon reasonable belief served have unreasonably violated my privacy as furthered in their written molestation of my privacy were very “curious” as to what and how my affairs were being conducted on a daily basis, furthered by their collective distribution of MOV files in the annexed EXHIBIT [8] obsessively and as set forth hereunder as Defendants, are presented without grounds for dismissal and commonly as the 26 Defendants who in the interest of their Corporate endeavors and economic benefits jointly and severally behaved as a NEXUS of ZUCKERS all share a common address in the County of New York at THE PLAZA DISTRICT as defined previously.
Upon information and belief of the FEDERAL RECORD [9] can be addressed jointly at THE PLAZA DISTRICT for inspection of their devices and questionable moral and ethical conduct as the individuals named hereunder and on behalf of their entities do observe the courtyards and children on at at-will basis as well, notwithstanding those still shots of myself which have been entered in full-color and further narrated by the named Defendants hereunder observed myself at will [10], both while nude and dressed and without my consent – as a Plaintiff in this matter was clearly an object of their attraction as seen in their concerted molestation of my privacy, annexed herein in support of this COMPLAINT and for each cause of action defined hereunder are liable jointly and severally and grouped into the NEXUS of ZUCKERS.
1.	Defendant, LAURIE ZUCKER.
i.	Miss Zucker, upon information and belief is an individual who was and is a Principal Member of the affiliated corporate entities as referenced above and furthered hereunder in this Section for the named defendants [11] and on behalf of the ZUCKERS.
ii.	Upon information and belief of the FEDERAL RECORD, Miss Zucker served as Vice President to the Manhattan Skyline Management Corp. and as referenced in EX77 and while I resided at the STUDIO currently serves as the Vice Chair and is familiar with their business dealings while I was a resident of the STUDIO.
iii.	As reflected by the information promulgated by BLOOMBERG on or around the 15TH of January 2021 and in the exhibits was and does currently function as some form of ANNEXE to the related entities by and between the ZUCKERS.
iv.	Upon knowledge and belief of the FEDERAL RECORD, Mrs. Zucker currently serves as a Member of a Domestic Corporation which conducts its business dealings under the DOS ID: 4726985 and as furthered hereunder represents their Principle Office Address which was and is located in the County of New York and at THE PLAZA DISTRICT.
v.	Upon information and belief, as a Principal and on behalf of the Entities represented herein involves the renting, buying, selling, development, and appraising of real estate services in her Principle Executive duties for the ZUCKERS which were and are conducted [12] from their Principal Office Address on April 13TH 2020 and is presented located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT and at all times[13] while I was a resident in their Premises at my STUDIO[14].
vi.	Upon information and belief of the information in and my understanding of their personal dealings, uses the email address LZUCKER@MSKYLINE.COM when it is convenient and in her best interests to communicate with the other named Defendants in this matter.
vii.	As promulgated by BLOOMBERG on the 15TH of January, 2021 and most recently on January 18TH 2022 is represented as the Vice Chair to the ZUCKERS and on their webpage: https://www.mskyline.com, which redirects to https://manhattanskyline.com/.
viii.	As promulgated by the representations, and on behalf of the ZUCKERS in their PUBLIC DOMAIN represents a variety of services, notwithstanding its team members, roles, and  an ANNEXE of ZUCKERS per The State of New York Department of Corporations implies certain avoidance and the comforts which are material which were avoided to.
ix.	The implied comforts to their staff are criminal in their AFFIDAVITS demonstrate an avoidance to the proper zip code as annexed in the exhibit of ANDRES REYNOSO [15] under the oversight of Mrs. Zucker and its operations, was entered by her counselors in the FEDERAL RECORD, annexed here for ease of reference .
x.	As furthered hereunder, DANIEL F. SULLIVAN, ESQ. served dually as a licensed attorney and Notary to both Miss Zucker and her father, Mr. Donald Zucker, and on behalf of the named entities in May of 2020 and while I was a resident at their Premises is familiar with the STUDO, their Lease, and their businesses objectives, certain of which as referenced this EXHIBIT [16] are furthered hereunder and itemized jointly and severally per the deed and the interest of their business endeavors are furthered hereunder jointly and severally.
xi.	Upon information and belief and as demonstrated in the FEDERAL RECORD receives and sends electronic communications using an email address at her convenience and at all times used LZUCKER@MSKYLINE.COM while I was a resident of the STUDIO apartment[17].
xii.	Mrs. Zucker is also familiar with all matters which pertain to their Premises, businesses and at the cost of molesting and the invasion, harassment, and furthered hereunder in the exhibits annexed sacrificed those comforts which ordinarily would be implied for any tenant in New York State, and more specifically in Manhattan as seen in the records entered in the County of New York for proper service  [18] by its attorneys.
xiii.	For convenience of service and to deter any further avoidance to criminal and civil prosecution by the Defendants named in this matter, having reviewed their State filings in the FEDERAL RECORD can be collectively addressed at THE PLAZA DISTRICT which is located in the County of New York and zip code 10019.
xiv.	Upon knowledge and belief, and at all times while I was a resident was headquartered as referenced above, and upon reasonable to monitor the following email address from her mobile device at the following address: ADMINISTRATOR@MSKYLINE.COM which upon reasonable belief is was and is communal to the individuals named hereunder [19].
2.	Defendant, DONALD ZUCKER.
i.	Mr. Zucker, upon information and belief is an individual who was and is the Chief Executive Officer for of the Manhattan Skyline Management Corp. as promulgated in the FEDERAL RECORD and under the AFFIDAVIT of Andres Reynoso also represents 200 shares of ownership registered in their most recent filing in the State of New York under DOS ID: 939477 and all times while I was a resident in the STUDIO apartment has maintained the same position as of the 19TH of January 2022 is represented as annexed in the exhibit from the PUBLIC DOMAIN and in the footer for reference [20]. 
ii.	Upon information and belief of the FEDERAL RECORD promulgated and entered on January 19TH 2022 maintains a Principle Office Address in the County of New York located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT, which is not located in zip code 10018 as annexed by Defendants upon reasonable belief was placed to entertain themselves and avoid prosecution by any civil or criminal court while located in the County of New York and communally at THE PLAZA DISTRICT.
iii.	Upon information and belief of the PUBLIC DOMAIN, his objectives as a Principal involve the oversight of renting, buying, selling, development, and appraising of real estate as an Executor, Member, and on behalf of their affiliated Entities as furthered by its Principles (and ANNEXE)  who on behalf of the ZUCKERS and while I was a tenant conducted his inspections, permitted the molestation of the sanctity of my home and in his breach of my rights to privacy at all times while I resided at the STUDIO did so in order to illegitimately secure and transfer their business interests, which are furthered hereunder and annexed in the EXHIBITS dated on May 15TH  and May 13TH 2020 which were notarized while I was a resident in a building that was owned and operated by Mr. Zucker, furthered hereunder in those EXHIBITS where relevant.
iv.	Upon information and belief and as demonstrated in the PUBLIC DOMAIN receives and sends electronic communications using a domain owned by the ZUCKERS and email address DZUCKER@MSKYLINE.COM at his convenience and at all times while I was a resident of the STUDIO is also familiar with all matters which pertain to their Premises, notwithstanding and the invasion, harassment, and as furthered hereunder and in the exhibits annexed and notarized by counsel for Defendants and upon reasonable belief used the cameras to videotape my laptop as well using his electronic devices and to monitor myself and the interior of my apartment from this headquarters [21] which is also located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT and as of January 19TH 2022 per the department of State is located in the County of New York.
v.	For convenience of service, and to deter any further avoidance to criminal or civil prosecution by the Defendants named in this matter, upon personal knowledge and belief of their State filings in the FEDERAL RECORD are located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT in the County of New York and zip code 10019.
vi.	Upon knowledge and belief, and at all times while I was a resident was and is headquartered as referenced above, at THE PLAZA DISTRICT and upon reasonable belief used this as a primary location to monitor his email address, notwithstanding his mobile device(s) and at the following address: ADMINISTRATOR@MSKYLINE.COM was upon reasonable belief accessed at his convenience.
3.	Defendant, MANHATTAN SKYLINE MANAGEMENT CORP.
i.	The Manhattan Skyline Management Corporation [22]was and is located in New York State with its Principle Office Address located, and at all relevant times at THE PLAZA DISTRICT in the County of New York.
ii.	Upon information and belief of the FEDERAL RECORD filed under New York DOS ID 939477 maintains a Principal Address recorded at `101 W 55TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY, 10019` as of January 19, 2022 and while I was a resident in the STUDIO.
iii.	For convenience of service, and to deter any further avoidance to criminal or civil prosecution by Defendants named in this matter, is managed and or owned by Defendants hereunder and furthered under the ZUCKERS upon belief of the State filings as ANNEXED in the FEDERAL RECORD filed with the DOS are located communally at THE PLAZA DISTRICT, which was and is located in the County of New York and zip code 10019.
iv.	Defendants named hereinabove and furthered as the ZUCKER at all times relevant times and while I was a resident of their Premises and my STUDIO molested my sanctity jointly and severally and for the economic benefit of a $6 million dollar TRANSFER AND ASSIGNMENT OF LEASES abused the court system in order to conduct “INSPECTIONS” of the interior of my apartment as referenced in the AFFIDAVIT of ANDRES REYNOSO were located THE PLAZA DISTRICT at all relevant times and as of January 19TH 2022 maintain the same.
4.	Defendant, DONALD ZUCKER COMPANY, LLC. 
i.	The Donald Zucker Company is a limited liability corporation that was and is located in New York County with its Principle Office Address and headquarters located in the County of New York at THE PLAZA DISTRICT at all times while I was a resident at the STUDIO.
ii.	Upon information and belief of the FEDERAL RECORD filed under New York DOS ID 2691342 has a Principal Address located at `101 W 55TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY, 10019` as of January 19, 2022 and while I was a resident at the STUDIO apartment.
iii.	For convenience of service, and to deter any further avoidance to civil or criminal prosecution by Defendants and those interests owned and represented by those entities named previously and furthered hereunder upon personal knowledge and belief of their State filings in the FEDERAL RECORD are located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT which is located in the County of New York and zip code 10019 maintained the same as annexed in the EXHIBIT [23] while I was a resident of their Premises and my STUDIO apartment presently maintains the same headquarters.
5.	Defendant, JOSEPH J. GIAMBOI.
i.	Mr. Joseph Giamboi is an individual who represents the service of process and dually serves as General Counselor to the ZUCKERS as a licensed Attorney in the FEDERAL RECORD as promulgated by the New York State Bar, under BAR ID.: 2104396.
ii.	Upon information and by and on behalf of The Zucker Organization furthered hereunder annexed under the New York Department of State Number 2613041 was and is headquartered as of January 19, 2022 and at all relevant times while I was a resident at the STUDIO is an adjunct professor at Brooklyn Law School where he received his Juris Doctor [24].
iii.	Upon information and belief of the FEDERAL RECORD filed under the New York Department of State Identifier Number 2613041 has represented its Address for Process as: “JOSEPH L GIAMBOI ESQ, 101 W 55TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY, UNITED STATES, 10019”  who is named for good cause and has demonstrated his involvement in the annexed EXHIBITS.
iv.	For convenience of service, and to deter any further avoidance to civil and criminal prosecution conducts his duties to the previously named Defendants, notwithstanding those which ensue named under the ZUCKERS are located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT which is in the County of New York and zip code 10019.
v.	As exhibited in the communications entered by Defendants, in their 25th Docket used the email address: JGIAMBOI@MSKYLINE.COM  while I was a resident at the STUDIO who continues [25]his role as an adjunct professor to students at Brooklyn Law school as of February 3RD 2022 was and is  “an adjunct professor at Brooklyn Law School”,  and serves as General Counsel for both The Zucker Organization, Manhattan Skyline Management Corp., and other corporations as furthered hereunder [26].
Upon information and belief, as of February 3RD 2020 and as furthered in the EXHIBITS which ensue, Mr. Giamboi uses the email address: JOSEPH.GIAMBOI@BROOKLYNLAW.EDU where he is advertised as a specialist in Construction Law, Real Estate and while I was a resident at the STUDIO apartment maintained the same location and in his role as General Counsel for the named PARTIES where he conducted and performed their duties and in the ordinary business affairs on behalf of the ZUCKERS was and is headquartered at THE PLAZA DISTRICT which is located in the County of New York and zip code 10019 at all times while I was a resident at the STUDIO apartment.
vi.	For convenience of service, and to deter any further avoidance of criminal or civil prosecution by Defendants herein named, Mr. Giamboi conducts his business at THE PLAZA DISTRICT which is in the County of New York and also in zip code 10019 and where he used and uses the email address as exhibited herein at JGIAMBOI@MSKYLINE.COM, who at his convenience and at all times while I was a resident in the STUDIO upon reasonable belief also used the previously named email to conduct his adjunct role to the community of Brooklyn Law School using his other email address: JOSEPH.GIAMBOI@BROOKLYNLAW.EDU.
vii.	For convenience of service, and to deter any further avoidance to criminal prosecution by the Defendant named in this matter, upon personal knowledge and belief of their State filings in the FEDERAL RECORD was and is located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT, and in the County of New York.
viii.	Upon knowledge and belief, at all times while I was a resident was ordinarily headquartered as the same address, and used the email address to distribute electronic communications as furthered herein and at all times while I was resident of their Premises and my STUDIO apartment used JGIAMBOI@MSKYLINE.COM 31.
6.	Defendant, THE ZUCKER ORGANIZATION, LLC.
i.	The Zucker Organization is a limited liability corporation that was and is located in New York County with its Principle Office Address and headquarters located in the County of New York at THE PLAZA DISTRICT at all times while I was a resident at the STUDIO.
ii.	Upon information and belief of the FEDERAL RECORD filed under New York Department of State Identifier Number 2613041 have used the Address for its Service of Process as follows: `JOSEPH L GIAMBOI ESQ, 101 W 55TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY, UNITED STATES, 10019` and under the name `THE LLC` which is in the County of New York.
iii.	For convenience of service, and to deter any further avoidance of prosecution by Defendants represent the interests of this entity whereby Defendants collectively and upon personal knowledge and belief of their State filings maintained in the FEDERAL RECORD located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT which is in the County of New York and zip code 10019.
iv.	Upon knowledge and belief, maintained the same at all times while I was a resident of their Premises and my STUDIO.
7.	Defendant, MANHATTAN SKYLINE, LLC.
i.	The Manhattan Skyline is a limited liability corporation that was and is located in New York County with its Principle Office Address and headquarters located in the County of New York at THE PLAZA DISTRICT at all times while I was a resident at the STUDIO.
ii.	Upon information and belief of the FEDERAL RECORD and filed under New York Department of State Identifier Number 4726985 have used the Address for its Service of Process as follows: `101 WEST 55TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY, UNITED STATES, 10019` and under the name `THE LLC` which is in the County of New York [27].
iii.	Upon information and belief of the FEDERAL RECORD and filed under New York DOS ID 1386030, which maintains a Principal Address located at 101 WEST 55TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY, 10019, was defined previously and furthered hereunder on behalf of Defendants named above for and by Mrs. Laurie Zucker and Mr. Donald Zucker who maintained a headquarters for their surveillance operations, and conducted other business dealings from THE PLAZA DISTRICT for the benefit of their own interests.
iv.	For convenience of service, and to deter any further avoidance of prosecution by Defendants, this entity upon personal knowledge and belief of their State filings in the FEDERAL RECORD is managed by the individuals and in THE PLAZA DISTRICT which is located in the County of New York and zip code 10019.
v.	Upon knowledge and belief, at all times while I was a resident was headquartered as the same while I was a resident of their Premises and my STUDIO.
8.	Defendant, SULLIVAN GP, LLC.
i.	Upon knowledge and belief, Sullivan GP as a limited liability corporation, on behalf of the named entities in this matter was and is located in THE PLAZA DISTRICT at all times while I was a resident in the STUDIO in the County of New York served as the General Partner on behalf of Defendants named in this matter [28].
ii.	As a General Partner and upon information and belief, conducts oversight of the ZUCKERS business dealings for the benefit of the Defendants named in THE PLAZA DISTRICT and under the under New York Department of State Identifier Number 3749254.
iii.	Upon knowledge and belief of the FEDERAL RECORD as of January 19 2022 for Service of Process is addressed in care of The Zucker Organization, a named Defendant in this matter as furthered herein the EXHIBITS on behalf of SULLIVAN PROPERTIES, L.P., which is a Delaware Limited Partnership located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT.
iv.	As previously referenced under New York State Department of Corporations Identifier Number 2613041, for its Service of Process is addressed Defendant: JOSEPH L GIAMBOI, ESQ, with an address marked in the FEDERAL RECORD as follows: `101 W 55TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY, UNITED STATES, 10019` upon information and belief is current as of 19 January 2022 – and located in the County of New York.
v.	As a named Defendant and dually by its General Counsel, referenced previously and furthered hereunder under the New York State Bar (identifier #2104396) is also General Counsel to Defendants named as ZUCKERS who are presently located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT.
vi.	As furthered hereunder, and upon knowledge and belief at all times while I was a resident in the STUDIO, was and is an entity represented by the named Defendant in the caption, as furthered herein Mr. Daniel F. Sullivan also notarized the documents on May 13TH in 2020 and also on May 15th in 2020 while I was a resident at the STUDIO.
vii.	Upon knowledge and belief, and as furthered hereunder was executed under the auspice of both Mrs. Zucker and Mr. Zucker while I was a resident at the STUDIO.
viii.	Upon information and belief of the FEDERAL RECORD, as filed under New York State Department of Corporations Identifier 2613041 has a Principal Address represented in the PUBLIC DOMAIN at 101 WEST 55TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY, 10019 which is in New York County and zip code 10019.
ix.	For convenience of service, and to deter any further avoidance of prosecution by Defendants, this entity upon personal knowledge and belief of their State filings in the FEDERAL RECORD is managed by the individuals and in THE PLAZA DISTRICT which is located in the County of New York and zip code 10019.
x.	Upon knowledge and belief, at all times while I was a resident was headquartered as the same while I was a resident of their Premises and my STUDIO apartment.
9.	Defendant, TOM ESCHMANN.
i.	Mr. Tom Eschmann, was and is an individual who served and is currently Vice President of Management and Operations on behalf of the ZUCKERS[29].
ii.	Upon information and belief available in the PUBLIC DOMAIN, Mr. Tom Eschmann was and continues to conduct his business dealings for all previously named entities and on behalf of The Manhattan Skyline Management Corp. as represented previously New York State Department of Corporations Identifier Number 939477 together with and as furthered hereunder while I was a resident at the STUDIO was and is aware of and to avoid prosecution brought forth by myself has avoided to the same in the FEDERAL RECORD, more specifically in 153974 having attested to the address which does not exist, failed to cease and desist in his contributions to the violation of my privacy at all times while I was a resident in their Premises and my STUDIO, and per BLOOMBERG on 7 December 2021 and on 10 December 2021, in the public domain of loopnet is and was located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT as its Vice President served under Laurie Zucker as furthered hereunder.
iii.	Upon reasonable belief of the FEDERAL RECORD, filed under New York State Department of Corporations Identifier Numbers 3749254 and 4726985 represents Mr. Tom Eschmann as a man who conducts his daily tasks from 101 WEST 55TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY, 10019 and communally at THE PLAZA DISTRICT which is located in the County of New York. 
iv.	Upon knowledge and belief, and used and uses his email addressed as annexed herein furthered TECSCHMANN@MSKYLINE.COM at his convenience and at all times [30] while I was a resident in the STUDIO did the same to view and tamper with the MOV files as furthered hereunder conducted “at-will” surveillance of the interior of the STUDIO and without consent as annexed further in the deplorable conduct by all named parties.
v.	For convenience of service, and to deter any further avoidance to criminal or civil prosecution by the Defendants named in this matter and upon personal knowledge and reasonable belief of the annexed State filings in the FEDERAL RECORD were and are located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT in the County of New York and zip code 10019 would regularly use his email address TESCHMANN@MSKYLINE.COM along with their counselors, president, and other people who I have also never met [31].
10.	Defendant, DANIEL F. SULLIVAN.
i.	Mr. Sullivan was and is licensed in the State of New York under the New York State Bar ID: as promulgated by the New York State Bar, under #2383347 at all times while I was a resident at the STUDIO.
ii.	As an extension of the NEXUS of the ZUCKERS and upon reasonable belief of my previous dealings with Defendants also conducts his affairs from THE PLAZA DISTRICT  [32].
iii.	Furthered herein the Annexed EXHIBITS and on page 41/67 and while I was a resident in of the STUDIO, Mr. Sullivan Qualified himself as an enjoined Notary who at upon knowledge and belief and at all times while I was a resident was aware of all matters, notwithstanding the liability of fire egress, damages, and illegal activities as furthered hereunder in his attestation in the FEDERAL RECORD represents the economic interests of the Defendants in this matter having as referenced in the:

“…ACKNOWLEDGEMENT PAGE: CONSOLIDATED, AMENDED AND RESTATED MORTGAGE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT…” 

Executed on the 13TH of May 2020 while I was a resident at the STUDIO and inspected without my knowledge as referenced in the annexed exhibit and AFFIDAVIT of ANDRES REYNOSO entered in the annexed June 5TH 2020 record by an behalf of the named Defendants in this matter – is also familiar with the economic interests therein referenced.
iv.	On the 15TH of May 2020, and while I was a resident at the STUDIO on behalf of SULLIVAN PROPERTIES, L.P. (Delaware Limited Partnership headquartered at THE PLAZA DISTRICT) and by SULLIVAN GP, LLC. its General Partner, the ZUCKERS Transfer and Assignment of Leases was executed in the State of New York.
v.	Upon information and belief of the PUBLIC DOMAIN and documents annexed herein represent a FEDERAL RECORD which is also addressed in c/o THE ZUCKER ORGANIZATION and address located at 101 WEST 55TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY, 10019 and executed by Mr. Donald Zucker, as Manager was aware of all matters and throughout the term of my lease was aware and maintained his position as the Chief Executive Officer of the ZUCKERS who are all located THE PLAZA DISTRICT.
vi.	Upon information and belief of the PUBLIC DOMAIN and FEDERAL RECORD, Mr. Donald Zucker is also a dually registered Mortgage Broker in the State of New York and upon personal knowledge and belief Mr. Zucker understands the concept of liability, asset backed securities, loans, and expressed guarantees to a tenant in Manhattan per his execution on behalf of Sullivan Properties L.P. and on behalf of its General Partner domiciled in the County of New York and furthered hereunder in the nest of ZUCKERS who and to deter any further avoidance to criminal or civil prosecution by the Defendants named in this matter and upon personal knowledge and belief of the combined State filings in the FEDERAL RECORD is located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT and is located in the County of New York and zip code 10019.
vii.	Upon knowledge and belief, at all times while I was a resident was headquartered as the same while I was a resident of their Premises and my STUDIO, distributed those videos, and hosted them to an indeterminate number of people.
11.	Defendant, SULLIVAN PROPERTIES, L.P.
i.	The Sullivan Properties company is a Delaware Limited Partnership, as referenced hereinabove and upon information and belief is an entity which operates and is located in the County of New York under file number 1386030 – a domestic limited partnership that was and is headquartered at THE PLAZA DISTRICT.
ii.	Upon reasonable belief of the FEDERAL RECORD filed under New York State Department of Corporations Identifier Numbers 1386030 uses its member as some form of NEXUS [33] JOSEPH J. GIAMBOI, ESQ. to conduct its affairs and on behalf of its Registered Agent and as a Primary Name and Address, the NEXUS and Entity are both located in the County of New York and at all times while I was a resident at the STUDIO for Service of Process Name was Addressed and filed under New York State Bar Identification # 261304 however avoided to the proper address for service as exhibited previously as furthered under each cause of action and claim hereunder.
iii.	Upon information and belief after having evaluated the PUBLIC DOMAIN and FEDERAL RECORD as of January 19th and current as of 2022, maintains its Principal Address located [34] at 101 WEST 55TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY, UNITED STATES, 10019 in care of New York State Department of Corporations Identifier Number 2613041, which is named previously and upon reasonable belief of the FEDERAL RECORD as of current uses the named defendant, Mr. Joseph J. Giamboi, ESQ. as its Registered Agent Name and Address located at 101 WEST 55TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY, 10019 which is in the County of New York and defined proper is presented as THE PLAZA DISTRICT, located in the County of New York.
iv.	To restate and on behalf of all named Defendants and their avoidance of civil and criminal prosecution in the former, are named and can all be addressed in zip code 10019 and in the County of New York collectively at THE PLAZA DISTRICT.
v.	To restate all matters under DEFINITION and at all times while I was a resident located at the STUDIO apartment were and are aware of their malfeasant demeanors, illegal conduct, and beyond the scope of any reasonable doubt are aware of the repercussions of violating the privacy of my home and at all times as furthered hereunder in the form of a narrative molestation in their “curiosity” of myself at all relevant times while I resided in the STUDIO apartment as furthered herein.
vi.	For convenience of service, and to deter any further avoidance of civil or prosecution by Defendants, this entity upon personal knowledge and having evaluated their State filings in the FEDERAL RECORD is managed by those individuals named and in THE PLAZA DISTRICT which was and is located located in the County of New York and zip code 10019 for process and service.
vii.	Upon knowledge and belief, at all times while I was a resident was headquartered as the same while I was a resident of their Premises and my STUDIO despite their avoidance to this in the first Docket and all stages thereafter was intentional and in avoidance to criminal or civil charges and prosecution, as furthered herein this COMPLAINT.
12.	Defendant, PAUL R. REGAN. 
i.	Mr. Paul Regan, is an individual upon knowledge and belief as the Assistant General Counsel for all named defendants under the ZUCKERS, notwithstanding its Entities and third party service providers appointed, directed, and at all times while I was a resident of their Premises and my STUDIO can be addressed in the County of New York.
ii.	On the 4TH of June and in 2020 while I resided in the scope of their Lease and terms, attested to his personal knowledge and dealings with the books, records and documents of New York DOS ID 939477, notwithstanding its Principle Office Address, which is located in the County of New York and not in the County of Kings, or Zip Code 10018.
iii.	Upon knowledge and information, notarized the same by in the County of Kings, as a Qualified Notary Public, No. 02LA6046659 under Mrs. Shari Laskowitz also maintained a “first-name” basis relationship with their  combined reports which were received electronically and from the State of California.
iv.	Having reviewed all information entered in the FEDERAL RECORD and in a venue of Civil Law in County of New York, as furthered and in the AFFIDAVITS of the Defendants named are furthered hereunder, without any Matrimonial Hearing of record by and between Paul Regan and Anne Brandon – despite the emails by and between Paul Regan and Anne Brandon as furthered in the EXHIBITS which ensue.
v.	As the Associate General Counsel to the ZUCKERS, notwithstanding their economic and personal obsessions to observing the interior and exterior of the STUDIO without any order or jurisdiction which provided them those exclusive rights as Regan represents his understanding of fitness, moral obligations, and conduct that is expressed as the implied claims as a licensed Attorney under the New York State Bar ID #2623577 would cause certain inconveniences as explored further in the MEMORANDUM OF LAW.
vi.	Having reviewing all information entered, executed, and sworn to by counsel for the ZUCKERS who enjoined the efforts of Mrs. Shari. S. Laskowitz to assist in aiding and abetting in the violation of my sanctity and molestation of privacy in their “curiosity” obsessed and at all times while I was resident of the “Premises” was and is located in the County of New York and Zip Code 10012 appointed a third law firm to assist them in  conducting their incessant traverse into the sanctity of my home, without my consent and contrary to the EXHIBITS requesting the court immediately restrict them from any further actions that would cause this violation of privacy – were insisted onto an “EX PARTE” application whereby the clerk in the matter requested in December 2021 to “no longer be a member of the LISTSERV” – which I am unfamiliar with.
vii.	I was not included, nor consented to a LISTSERV or email distribution list as claimed by the clerk in the former – as entered in the EXHIBITS herein and furthered onto support the Defendants named in this matter and for reasonable cause.
viii.	Upon information and belief of the FEDERAL RECORD, and in my personal dealings with the ZUCKERS, in their avoidance to any form of civil or criminal prosecution, are in fact located in zip code 10019 and in the County of New York.
ix.	Upon reasonable belief as of the 10th of December 2021 were located in THE PLAZA DISTRICT addressed in zip code 10019.
x.	All Defendants named hereinabove are jointly and severally liable and at all time while I resided in their claim to a “Premises” conducted their business affairs from THE PLAZA DISTRICT which is located in the County of New York at the expense of my comfort and sanctity which was violated as furthered hereunder by all named Defendants.
xi.	As referenced previously under DEFINITIONS and at all relevant times were and are still located in zip code 10019, and collectively monitor the email address alias which is understood upon reasonable belief as a distribution list or “LISTSERV” used:  
ADMINISTRATION@MSKYLINE.COM ADMINISTRATOR@MSKYLINE.COM 
LEGAL@MSKYLINE.COM
LEGALASST@MSKYLINE.COM 
and headquartered in THE PLAZA DISTRICT and monitored from  at all relevant times, as referenced in the EXHIBITS in June 2020 and as referenced herein the annexed EXHIBITS at all relevant times continue to do so as of current.
xii.	Paul R. Regan, and at all times while I resided at the STUDIO used and uses the email address: LEGAL@mskyline.com, which upon reasonable belief is also a shared email address, or LISTSERVE monitored by one or all Defendants named in this matter.
xiii.	Upon reasonable belief, Mr. Regan uses PREGAN@MSKYLINE.COM as a personal address and demonstrably also accesses the email LEGAL@MSKYLINE.COM as an alias or LISTSERVE email address, to monitor and respond to – as seen in the posthaste activity of the named individual Laurie Zucker – on the 10TH of August was capable to respond electronically and also by mail using the professional services of the YUZERS, under definitions who can be locally addressed on the 19TH floor of the COMMUNITY DISTRICT as of November 24TH 2021 were licensed and process payments as of 23 November 2021 [35].
xiv.	Upon reasonable belief was and is accessible to all previously named Defendants in this matter and as of the 20TH of January 2022 serves as Assistant General Counsel to the Manhattan Skyline Management Corporation as a representative of the ZUCKERS[36].
xv.	For convenience of service, and to deter any further avoidance to criminal or civil prosecution by the Defendants named [37] in this matter, upon personal knowledge and belief of their State filings and PUBLIC RECORDS as of January 20TH of 2022 continue with their business affairs as demonstrated by the FEDERAL RECORD on behalf of their entities which are communally located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT in the County of New York and zip code 10019.
xvi.	Upon knowledge and belief of the annexed exhbits and at all times while I was a resident were headquartered at THE PLAZA DISTRICT and at all relevant times while I was a tenant in the STUDIO apartment.
13.	Defendant, ANDRES REYNOSO.
i.	Mr. Andres Reynoso is an individual who has been documented emailing and permitting the continued filming, harassment, and under the oversight and supervision of the previously named defendants as exhibited hereunder as furthered by his avoidance to my requests, despite the 1st claim in his AFFIDAVIT was executed in the County of New York and under their representatives swears under the correct entity as named previously and as the third defendant was at all relevant times “…employed by Manhattan Skyline Management Corp.” which upon reasonable belief of other records entered on the 13TH and 15TH of May in 2020 as annexed and while I resided as a tenant in their purported “Building” served and serves as a “…managing agent for Sullivan Properties L.P. [the owner of the building located at 111 Sullivan Street, New York, New York]…” which is located in zip code 10019 along with all other named Defendants under the ZUCKERS.
ii.	Upon reasonable belief and knowledge and on numerous occasions, I requested that he remove the camera pointing at my bed while I was a tenant in their building and STUDIO apartment.
iii.	As the resident manager of the Building and in his AFFIDAVIT, is familiar with the facts regarding this matter[38].
iv.	Upon knowledge, belief, and the evidence furthered in their FEDERAL RECORDS which I located on the PUBLIC DOMAIN as of the 20TH of January currently maintains a Principal Address located at 101 WEST 55TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY, 10019 – will not concede to a zip code in his AFFIDAVIT and to further support their avoidance to criminal and civil prosecution by the courts also entered my apartment on May 26TH, 2020 without consent.
v.	Without consent or knowledge inspected a purported “…massive flood that was discovered in apartment 1 BR the prior weekend…” which represents a prior weekend date of May 16TH 2020 – Saturday – while I resided in the STUDIO managed in concert by all previously named Defendants in this matter worked in the interest of their “curiosity” to harass, molest and violate the sanctity of my home like a nest of cockroaches.
vi.	As furthered annexed in the AFFIDAVITS of their ACCESSORIES were also entered in the County of New York and upon reasonable belief operate using the LISTSERV of their emails monitored from THE PLAZA DISTRICT.
vii.	For convenience and to further avoid prosecution by the Defendants named in this matter, and to restate in zip code 10019 whereby all Defendants as the ZUCKERS are located in the County of New York, acted in concert however are jointly and severally liable for each claim and for each cause of action as furthered hereunder on behalf of the ZUCKERS who are located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT and by email at AREYNOSO@MSKYLINE.COM at his convenience and on behalf of all named Defendants and for the benefit of the ZUCKERS as a full time employee would upon reasonable belief as annexed  in the exhibits also would access the group email ADMINISTRATION@MSKYLINE.COM. 
viii.	For convenience of service, and to deter any further avoidance to criminal or civil prosecution by the above named Defendants and furthered hereunder in this matter, upon personal knowledge and belief of their State filings in the FEDERAL RECORD are located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT which is located in the County of New York and zip code 10019.
ix.	Upon knowledge and belief, at all times while I was a resident was headquartered as the same while I was a resident of their Premises and my STUDIO are jointly and severally liable for molesting the sanctity of my home and violated my privacy at all  relevant times herein and detailed further under the MATERIAL FACTS and further supported by all named defendants jointly and severally having violated my privacy and at all relevant times while I resided at the STUDIO in my apartment.
14.	Defendant, ANA LOPEZ.
i.	Mrs. Ana Lopez is an individual who is documented emailing, and hereunder is responsible for directly permitting the filming, harassment, and upon information would notify all Defendants to matters which were entered in the PUBLIC DOMAIN.
ii.	Upon discovery in FEDERAL RECORD and belief as seen in the PUBLIC DOMAIN entered the same in the County of New York having distributed, disseminated, and by and on behalf of all named Defendants in this matter.
iii.	Upon reasonable belief has a Principal Address located at 101 WEST 55TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY, 10019 and can be addressed on the second floor and in the County of New York at THE PLAZA DISTRICT.
iv.	Upon information and belief, and as referenced hereunder uses the email address  MGMTADMIN@MSKYLINE.XOM [39] which is a group email address, or alias LISTSERVE, that is also monitored by an unknown number of the NEXUS of ZUCKERS who work in the interests of the ZUCKERS, who may or may not have been named directly monitoring the email address MGMTADMIN@MSKYLINE.COM to document and tamper with the narrative and videography of their ACCESSORIES as named  hereunder on behalf of  the ZUCKERS, YUZERS and ELSERS.
v.	Mrs. Ana Lopez directly is exhibited having participated in the violation of my privacy as a tenant and throughout the term of my Lease while on “lock-down Covid-19” protocol took it upon herself to coordinate the efforts of all named Defendants, and as furthered hereunder.
vi.	In the best interests and to prevent any further avoidance of prosecution by the named Defendants in this matter were and are located in the County of New York, demonstrably have acted in concert and are jointly and severally liable for each claim and for each cause of action as furthered hereunder.
vii.	On behalf of the ZUCKERS, Mrs. Lopez was an employee, or as some other NEXUS and on behalf of ZUCKERS can be located for service in the County of New York and at the ZUCKERS headquarters team which is located, in THE PLAZA DISTRICT and county of New York in zip code 10019.
viii.	For convenience of service, and to deter any further avoidance to civil or criminal prosecution by the Defendant named in this matter, upon personal knowledge and belief of their State filings in the FEDERAL RECORD is located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT which is located in the County of New York and zip code 10019.
ix.	Upon knowledge and belief, at all times while I was a resident was headquartered as the same while I was a resident of their Premises and my STUDIO apartment.
15.	Defendant, LATOYA BRITTON.
i.	Mrs. Latoya Britton is an individual and as some form of NEXUS of ZUCKERS is documented emailing, and hereunder is responsible for directly permitting the filming, harassment, and upon information would notify all Defendants to matters which were entered in the PUBLIC DOMAIN.
ii.	Upon discovery of the FEDERAL RECORD and belief as seen in the PUBLIC DOMAIN entered the same in the County of New York having distributed, disseminated, and by and on behalf of all named Defendants in this matter worked in concert to violate my privacy as furthered hereunder.
iii.	Upon reasonable belief, Miss Britton has a Principal Address located at 101 WEST 55TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY, 10019 and can be addressed on the second floor and in the County of New York 
iv.	On behalf of the ZUCKERS was an employer, or as some other NEXUS and on behalf of ZUCKERS can be located and contacted in the County of New York and at their headquarters which is located as defined at THE PLAZA DISTRICT.
v.	Upon reasonable belief as entered in these commencement documents is exhibited in the PUBLIC DOMAIN and FEDERAL RECORDS [ Docket 25 ] demonstrates her use of the email address: LEGALASST@MSKYLINE.COM which is a group email address, or alias LISTSERVE, that is also monitored by an unknown number of NEXUS who work in the interests of the ZUCKERS jointly and severally, may or may not have been named directly monitoring that email address.
vi.	On behalf of the ZUCKERS was an employee, or as some other form of NEXUS and on behalf of ZUCKERS can be located for service in the County of New York and at the ZUCKERS headquarters which is located, in THE PLAZA DISTRICT and county of New York.
vii.	Her involvement is jointly and severally justifiable for each claim and cause of action as furthered hereunder, and upon reasonable belief was aware of the daily affairs of the principals named hereinabove on behalf of the ZUCKERS as furthered hereunder was and is located at their headquarters at THE PLAZA DISTRICT.
viii.	For convenience of service, and to deter any further avoidance to criminal or civil prosecution by the Defendant named in this matter, upon personal knowledge and belief of their State filings in the FEDERAL RECORD is located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT which is located in the County of New York and zip code 10019.
ix.	Upon knowledge and belief, at all times while I was a resident was headquartered as the same while I was a resident of their Premises and my STUDIO was aware of the ongoing affairs and business dealings of the ZUCKERS who are communally addressable at THE PLAZA DISTRICT.ss
16.	Defendant, SHIKENA MELTON.
i.	Mrs. Shikena Melton is an individual who is documented emailing, and hereunder is responsible for directly permitting the filming, harassment, and oversight to matters as discovered in the PUBLIC DOMAIN and FEDERAL RECORD were entered without my consent in the Civil Court and in the New York State County.
ii.	As some form of NEXUS on behalf of the ZUCKERS aided and abetted in their violations of my privacy, harassment and demonstrated her involvement at all times while I resided at the STUDIO apartment.
iii.	Upon knowledge, belief, and having reviewed the emails by and between all previously named defendants, and the information found on the PUBLIC DOMAIN maintains a Principal Address located at 101 WEST 55TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY, 10019 as of the 20TH if January 2022 reports to Mr. Donald Zucker (Chief Executive Officer) and Mrs. Laurie Zucker (Vice Chair) as a member of their team and at all times while I resided at the STUDIO.
iv.	As furthered hereunder and as exhibited [DOCKET 25] uses the email address: SMELTON@MSKYLINE.COM to receive and distribute emails by and between the previously named defendants who are als located in the County of New York.
v.	To prevent any further avoidance of criminal or civil prosecution by any of the named Defendants in this matter, and to restate are located in zip code 10019.
vi.	Miss Melton is represented in the annexed exhibits as an electronic courier by and between all Defendants, under the supervision of the ZUCKERS and throughout the term of my lease and at all times upon reasonable belief is located in the County of New York.
vii.	Her involvement is jointly and severally justifiable for each claim and cause of action as furthered hereunder, and upon reasonable belief was aware of the daily affairs of the principals named hereinabove and as furthered hereunder was and is located at their headquarters and addressed at THE PLAZA DISTRICT for proper service enjoined with the ZUCKERS.
viii.	For convenience of service, and to deter any further avoidance to criminal or civil prosecution by the Defendant(s) named in this matter, and upon personal knowledge and belief of their State filings in the FEDERAL RECORD is currently located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT which is located in the County of New York and zip code 10019 along with the previously named defendants as furthered hereunder.
ix.	Upon knowledge and belief, at all times while I was a resident was headquartered as the same and while I was a resident of their Premises and my STUDIO is jointly and severally liable for each cause of action in the violation of my privacy as furthered hereunder.
17.	Defendant, ADNAN UTIC.
i.	Mr. Adnan Utic is an individual who is documented emailing coordinating the emailing, harassment, and hereunder is responsible for directly permitting the filming, harassment, as directed by his oversight onto matters on the FEDERAL RECORD and in the County of New York can be understood as some form of NEXUS for the ZUCKERS.
ii.	For matters which pertain to videotaping and harassment of myself at 111 Sullivan Street, New York, NY, 10012 – which is locate d in the County of New York and under the auspice of the 1ST Precinct in New York City and the respective police department.
iii.	Upon knowledge, belief, email transmissions, and information found on the PUBLIC DOMAIN was and is maintained at the Principal Address located at 101 WEST 55TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY, 10019 as some form of NEXUS for and on behalf of the ZUCKERS with a principal headquarters located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT. 
iv.	As entered in the PUBLIC RECORD and FEDERAL RECORD, addresses the NEXUS of ZUCKERS who have not been found directly using their names and can be considered as the indirect members who collectively use and monitor the email address: ADMINISTRATION@MSKYLINE.COM and for Manhattan Skyline Mgmt. by Facsimile at: 212-586-9867; [40]
v.	As referenced in the email dated February 20TH, 2020 also regularly photographing, videotaping, and communicating with the ZUCKERS, YUZERS and ELSERS using the email address SUPER@SULLIVANMEWS.COM [41] and to all named Defendants hereinabove as furthered hereunder are jointly and severally liable, however are located in the County of New York.
vi.	For convenience of service, and to deter any further avoidance to criminal prosecution or civil prosecution by the named Defendant in this matter, upon personal knowledge and belief of their State filings in the FEDERAL RECORD as annexed previously and furthered herein at all relevant times were and are located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT which is in the County of New York and zip code 10019.
vii.	Upon knowledge and belief, at all times while I was a resident was headquartered as the same while I was a resident of their Premises and my STUDIO apartment is jointly and severally liable for his conduct and under the supervision of Mrs. Laurie Zucker and Donald Zucker – named as the first two defendants in this matter.
18.	Defendant, ROBERT ESNARD.
i.	Mr. Robert Esnard  is an individual who upon information and belief served as the President of the ZUCKERS and while at all relevant times conducted their business affairs in the County of New York at their Principal Address located at 101 WEST 55TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY, 10019 at all times while I was a resident of their Premises at my STUDIO apartment participated in the unconsented violation of my privacy at all times.
ii.	Upon reasonable information and belief and as referenced hereinabove, as some form of NEXUS and on behalf of the ZUCKERS uses their distribution list and monitors the email ADMINISTRATION@MSKYLINE.COM and at his convenience and can also be contacted via facsimile at: 212-586-9867.
iii.	For convenience of service, and to deter any further avoidance to civil or criminal prosecution by the Defendant named in this matter, and in furtherance of my personal knowledge and belief of their State filings in the FEDERAL RECORD is located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT which is located in the County of New York and zip code 10019.
iv.	Upon knowledge and belief, at all times while I was a resident was headquartered as the same while I was a resident of their Premises and my STUDIO apartment is jointly and severally liable for his conduct and under the supervision of Mrs. Laurie Zucker and Donald Zucker – named as the first two defendants in this matter.
19.	Defendant, ALBERT BERKOWITZ.
i.	Mr. Albert Berkowitz is an individual who upon information and belief of the PUBLIC DOMAIN served and serves as the Chief Financial Officer of the ZUCKERS which conducted their business in the County of New York with a Principal Address located at 101 WEST 55TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY, 10019 at all times while I was a resident of their Premises at my STUDIO.
ii.	Upon reasonable information and belief and as referenced hereinabove and further as some form of NEXUS and on behalf of the ZUCKERS uses their distribution list and monitors the email ADMINISTRATION@MSKYLINE.COM and at his convenience and can also be contacted via facsimile at: 212-586-9867.
iii.	For convenience of service, and to deter any further avoidance to criminal or civil prosecution by the Defendant named in this matter, upon personal knowledge and belief of their State filings in the FEDERAL RECORD is located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT which is located in the County of New York and zip code 10019.
iv.	Upon knowledge and belief, at all times while I was a resident was headquartered as the same while I was a resident of their Premises and my STUDIO apartment is jointly and severally liable for his conduct and under the supervision of Mrs. Laurie Zucker and Donald Zucker – named as the first two defendants in this matter.
20.	Defendant, CAROLE BLOOM.
i.	Mrs. Carole Bloom is an individual who upon information and belief served as Senior Vice President and advertises as such, notwithstanding her roles is the Sales, Leasing and Marketing on behalf of the ZUCKERS which conducted their business in the County of New York with a Principal Address located at 101 WEST 55TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY, 10019 at all times while I was a resident of their Premises at my STUDIO.
ii.	Upon reasonable information and belief and as referenced hereinabove and further as some form of NEXUS and on behalf of the ZUCKERS uses their distribution list and monitors the email ADMINISTRATION@MSKYLINE.COM and at her convenience and can also be contacted via facsimile at: 212-586-9867.
iii.	For convenience of service, and to deter any further avoidance to criminal prosecution by the Defendant named in this matter, upon personal knowledge and belief of their State filings in the FEDERAL RECORD is located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT which is located in the County of New York and zip code 10019.
iv.	Upon knowledge and belief, at all times while I was a resident was headquartered as the same while I was a resident of their Premises and my STUDIO apartment is jointly and severally liable for her conduct and under the supervision of Mrs. Laurie Zucker and Donald Zucker – named as the first two defendants in this matter.
21.	Defendant, JOSHUA J. ROTH.
i.	Mr. Joshua Roth, is an individual who upon information and belief served and serves as Senior Vice President of the Retail arm of the ZUCKERS and conducts his business from the Principal Address of his supervisors and in the interest of ZUCKERS is located in the County of New York; with a Principal Address located at 101 WEST 55TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY, 10019.
ii.	Upon reasonable information and belief and as referenced hereinabove and further as some form of NEXUS and on behalf of the ZUCKERS uses their distribution list and monitors the email ADMINISTRATOR@MSKYLINE.COM and at his convenience and can also be contacted via facsimile at: 212-586-9867.
iii.	For convenience of service, and to deter any further avoidance to criminal prosecution by the Defendant named in this matter, upon personal knowledge and belief of their State filings in the FEDERAL RECORD is located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT which is located in the County of New York and zip code 10019.
iv.	Upon knowledge and belief, at all times while I was a resident was headquartered as the same while I was a resident of their Premises and my STUDIO apartment.
22.	Defendant, MARIANNA VREDJIJAN.
i.	Mrs. Marianna Vredjijan is an individual who upon information and belief served and serves as Director of Leasing on behalf of the ZUCKERS and conducts her business in the County of New York, with a Principal Address located at 101 WEST 55TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY, 10019.
ii.	Upon reasonable information and belief and as referenced hereinabove and further as some form of NEXUS and on behalf of the ZUCKERS uses their distribution list and monitors the email ADMINISTRATOR@MSKYLINE.COM and at his convenience and can also be contacted via facsimile at: 212-586-9867.
iii.	For convenience of service, and to deter any further avoidance to criminal prosecution by the Defendant named in this matter, upon personal knowledge and belief of their State filings in the FEDERAL RECORD is located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT which is located in the County of New York and zip code 10019.
iv.	Upon knowledge and belief, at all times while I was a resident was headquartered as the same while I was a resident of their Premises and my STUDIO.
23.	Defendant, LEN ROSEN.
i.	Mr. Len Rosen is an individual who upon information and belief served and serves as Director of Information Technology on behalf of the ZUCKERS and conducts his business in the County of New York, with a Principal Address located at 101 WEST 55TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY, 10019 and for all of the aforementioned PARTIES in this matter.
ii.	Upon reasonable information and belief and as referenced hereinabove and further as some form of NEXUS and on behalf of the ZUCKERS uses their distribution list and monitors the email ADMINISTRATOR@MSKYLINE.COM and at his convenience and can also be contacted via facsimile at: 212-586-9867.
iii.	For convenience of service, and to deter any further avoidance to criminal prosecution by the Defendant named in this matter, upon personal knowledge and belief of their State filings in the FEDERAL RECORD is located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT which is located in the County of New York and zip code 10019.
iv.	Upon knowledge and belief, at all times while I was a resident was headquartered as the same while I was a resident of their Premises and my STUDIO.
24.	Defendant, AMBEKA THOMAS.
i.	Mrs. Ambeka Thomas, upon information and belief served and serves as Director of Operations and on behalf of the ZUCKERS conducts her business in the County of New York, with a Principal Address located at 101 WEST 55TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY, 10019 and for all of the aforementioned PARTIES in this matter.
ii.	Upon reasonable information and belief and as referenced hereinabove and further as some form of NEXUS and on behalf of the ZUCKERS uses their distribution list and monitors the email ADMINISTRATOR@MSKYLINE.COM and at his convenience and can also be contacted via facsimile at: 212-586-9867.
iii.	For convenience of service, and to deter any further avoidance to criminal prosecution by the Defendant named in this matter, upon personal knowledge and belief of their State filings in the FEDERAL RECORD is located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT which is located in the County of New York and zip code 10019.
iv.	Upon knowledge and belief, at all times while I was a resident was headquartered as the same while I was a resident of their Premises and my STUDIO.
25.	Defendant, SEYMOUR WINTRAUB.
i.	Mr. Seymour Wintraub is an individual who upon information and belief served and serves as an Engineer on behalf of the ZUCKERS and conducts his business in the County of New York, with a Principal Address located at 101 WEST 55TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY, 10019 by and behalf and for all of the aforementioned PARTIES in this matter.
ii.	Upon reasonable information and belief and as referenced hereinabove and further as some form of NEXUS and on behalf of the ZUCKERS uses their distribution list and monitors the email ADMINISTRATOR@MSKYLINE.COM and at his convenience and can also be contacted via facsimile at: 212-586-9867.
iii.	For convenience of service, and to deter any further avoidance to criminal prosecution by the Defendant named in this matter, upon personal knowledge and belief of their State filings in the FEDERAL RECORD is located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT which is located in the County of New York and zip code 10019.
iv.	Upon knowledge and belief, at all times while I was a resident was headquartered as the same while I was a resident of their Premises and my STUDIO.
26.	Defendant, TRAVIS POWERS.
i.	Mr. Travis Powers is an individual who upon my personal interaction with having served as my realtor and initially as a liaison by and between myself and the ZUCKERS conducts his business in the County of New York, which is headquartered and maintained by all previously named Defendants as the COMPOUND of ZUCKERS, notwithstanding those who have not been named and with a Principal Address which was and is located at 101 WEST 55TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY, 10019.
ii.	On behalf of all of the aforementioned PARTIES in this matter served as a Realtor prior to and during my occupation as a resident in their building, owned by the Manhattan Skyline Management Corp. as sworn to in the AFFIDAVIT of ANDRES REYNOSO.
iii.	As referenced above and furthered hereunder in the EXHIBITS and FEDERAL RECORDS which are available in the PUBLIC DOMAIN, is furthered as a NEXUS of the ZUCKERS uses and monitors the email address: LEFTBANK@MSKYLINE.COM, and also used SULLIVANMEWS@MSKYLINERENTALS.COM prior to and immediately following the execution of my Lease.
iv.	Upon reasonable belief and via facsimile transmitted my documents using the facsimile using the annexed 212-586-9867, which includes financial information, personal information as entered and disseminated by their Lease and to an indeterminate number of people, as Defendants failed to redact the social security number of my guarantor in the matter, as admitted to by a clerk of the New York Supreme Court in June of 2020 is maintained in the PUBLIC DOMAIN as of recent.
v.	Upon reasonable information and belief and as referenced hereinabove, as some form of a NEXUS and on behalf of the ZUCKERS uses the distribution list and monitors the email ADMINISTRATOR@MSKYLINE.COM and at his convenience and can also be contacted via facsimile at: 212-586-9867.
vi.	For convenience of service, and to deter any further avoidance to criminal prosecution by the Defendants named in this matter under the ZUCKERS, and upon personal knowledge and belief having reviewed both the State filings and the FEDERAL RECORD is located at THE PLAZA DISTRICT which is located in the County of New York and zip code 10019.
vii.	Upon knowledge and belief, at all times while I was a resident was headquartered as the same while I was a resident of their Premises and my STUDIO for the economic benefit of the ZUCKERS distributed the social security number of my guarantor in the matter one or all the prior named Defendants.
viii.	Despite their claims to a PRIVACY POLICY and in their purported obligations under their lease, without my consent videotaped, photographed, and at all times in full color harassed and violated the privacy of my life as a resident of their Premises and STUDIO.
ix.	Without my consent willfully and as some form of a NEXUS in the COMPOUND of ZUCKERS named as operators and onto all Entities named is a responsible party for providing my personal and financial information to all 25 previously named Defendants in this matter who are addressed properly at 101 WEST 55TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY, 10019 – COUNTY OF NEW YORK.



________________________________________


________________________________________
